hi my name is tyres I mean I look at my
sunglasses I'm also a weeaboo today I'm
going to play a ocean morning time so I
don't know while I wait for my match the
first bid they already have a fucking
card game okay so already a blizzard
World of Warcraft card game that nobody
fucking plays and I bought thousands of
dollars where the cars trying to get
those blue cars and I never did get a
spectral mouth but then I got big mouth
to the car to my hi mom but I'm thirsty
do you love me what's the craic man I
have been watching you stream over a
year and now I feel like I have gotten
better at saw flames
thanks for streaming glad I could help
dude I hope you guys get better by
watching
today I'm playing is gang
just snack right now
understand
[Music]
[Laughter]
and now for something completely
different
[Music]